I think what I often see is that people
are frightened of fashion and that
because it scares them or it makes him
feel insecure they put it down it is
always going to be honest point of view
focus on his magazine that's who signs
it off we know that she sees her role as
the director and producer of this
fashion world can you think of an aspect
of the fashion industry but she isn't
somehow involving no says old Pink's you
really feel it is the most important
message to put in a September issue
what fashion or jeans and t-shirts can
be equally fashionable as an Oscar de la
Renta Walker do you think women are
still interested in fashion I think they
know fashion that the women who work in
vogue have to be particularly stylish no
jeans no well hopefully come to vote
because they love fashion and we expect
we don't dictate a certain style of
dress unauthorized biography reads she's
ambitious driven needy a perfectionist
and inside look at the competitive bitch
a bitch world of fashion vogue is the
best of everything that fashion can
offer and I think with the leader in the
field we point the way we are you know a
glamorous gofer she's decisive impatient
and there's a look that says I'm the
boss and you're boring I just thought
that was a bit banal should I do the
faces at the moment because that's what
we have on the cover or just still keep
thinking keep thinking and in the end
we're drawn together by our passion for
the magazine
our respect and friendship for each
other and if one comes across sometimes
as being cold or brusque it's simply
because I'm striving for the back let's
say that Anna can be intimidating
I think that's her armor to intimidate
to give the people a sense that she is
in charge I have been asking to see
those books like this week the page is
your deadline she is not a person to
show you where motions ever
she's like a doctor when she's looking
at your work it's like a medical
analysis some of us can't cope with that
we need to be loved I think she enjoys
not being completely approachable you
know just her office is very
intimidating right you have to walk
about a mile into the office before you
get to her desk and I'm sure it's you
know infection also very pampered one
another nasty publisher picks up the
bill for her hair and makeup every day
of the week and her rumored $200,000 a
year clothing allowance you made
yourself the personification of oh let
me look at you
not a hair out of place do you feel that
that's your mission in life to appear
perfect it's very important to me that I
look good when I go out poverty
I like looking at my clothes rack in the
morning and deciding what to pick out I
enjoy fashion money I mean I I wouldn't
be in this job if I didn't why the
sunglasses well they're seriously useful
I mean I can sit in a show I'm bored out
of my mind nobody will notice and if I'm
enjoying it that nobody will notice so I
I think at this point they've become you
know really armor
no no are you nuts
gorgeous what are you wearing I'm
wearing Carolina Herrera looking forward
for the show boss
Thank You New York City it makes New
York the most important fashion capital
of the world well what I think is great
about New York is is such a great mix of
designers both established and new and
up-and-coming so I think people come
here to see so many different voices
which is what New York is all about
everyone's from somewhere else
[Music]